[liquid pouring]
[sweeping music]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[glass clinking]
[car rushing]
[ominous music]
[whooshing]
[branches cracking]
[ominous creaking]
[ominous rustling]
[wind rushing]
[eerie music]
[switchblade clicking]
- Gus?
Did you hear what I just asked?
I said. where do you
think you are right now?
[fire crackling]
Tell me what happened.
[dramatic music]
[radio murmuring]
[trunk closing]
[Gus knocking]
- [Marty] Oh. yeah. come
in. you finally made it.
[door hinge creaking]
- [Gus] Oh my God.
- [Marty] It's cold out there.
- [Gus] Yep. yeah it is.
- [Marty] I'm glad you made it.
- Finally.
- [Marty] So you
must be Gus. then.
- [Gus] Yes. and Marty?
- Yep.
- Yeah. nice to meet you.
- [Marty] Pleasure to meet you.
And you must be
the lucky fellow.
- Adam.
- Adam. is it?
- Yeah.
- Adam. pleasure to meet you.
Gus told me about the
wedding. congratulations man.
and then to come here
for your bachelor party.
I am totally honored.
[Christmas music]
- You have a really nice place.
- Thank you. thank you.
I'm proud of it.
So. we do have someone
else here tonight.
So why don't you go
down and get settled in
and then come back
to the dining room
because I have a surprise.
I have beers to
celebrate the occasion.
- Hell yeah!
[Marty laughing]
- Do you have a
telephone. by chance?
My cell phone ran
out of service.
- [Marty] Oh yeah. sure.
right inside the room.
- Great. thank you.
- [Marty] Oh. thank you.
I'll see you in a little bit.
- See you.
- [Gus] I did not know
that this was gonna be
some Airbnb share situation.
- [Adam] It's only one night.
- [Gus] Yeah. I know.
I don't even care.
I'm just saying.
- [Adam] I'm gonna call Amy.
- [Gus] Okay. You do you.
[door closing]
- [Adam] Hey honey.
Yeah I just wanted to
let you know we made it.
[Gus urinating]
How are you?
Yeah. the drive was fine.
read a few chapters.
Oh. you haven't yet?
Amy. it is...
Yeah. I know. okay.
I know. I know.
I won't say anything.
Okay. me too. yeah.
[glasses clinking]
[jazzy music]
- To Adam! [laughs]
To Adam!
- [Gus] Adam.
- May his marriage be more
successful than mine. [laughs]
- Thank you.
- Cheers!
So. when is the big day?
Two weeks. we're doing
a New Years' wedding.
- Two weeks?
And how long are you here?
- Four days.
- Jesus Christ. aren't you
cutting it a bit close?
I mean. she must be one hell
of a nice lady. [laughs]
- Yeah sure. the man
does what he wants.
[Marty laughing]
- So where are you guys hiking?
- Oh. we're gonna do
the three-day trip.
We're gonna do Macomb.
South Dix. Grace. Hough.
and Wright's Peak.
- Dope.
That's pretty ambitious
for this time of year.
What's your route?
- Well we're gonna
hike to a lean-to
about six miles from
Adirondack Lodge.
we'll camp out and the
next day we'll get up
and do Macomb and South Dix.
Day after that we'll
do Grace and Hough.
And if we have time for
another. we'll do that.
- I think I know the route
you're talking about.
- You just be careful
out there. okay?
- I'm actually gonna
be heading up that way
the day after.
- Oh. well maybe
we'll run into you.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Probably not. [sighs]
I'm gonna be going
up the other side.
No one does that
this time of year.
It's too steep.
I really just need a break
from everything. you know?
Starting to get a
little claustrophobic
with all those right angles
everywhere. you know?
[Marty laughing]
[Marty groaning]
- Marty. I got a question.
- [Marty] Shoot.
- What in the hell is up
with these things? [laughs]
- That?
That is the Wendigo. it's
sort of an urban legend
around here.
The Native Americans.
they have a legend
that it protects the forest.
But for the most
part. it's a monster.
[ominous music]
- What kind of monster?
- Well. it can take
the form of say
a vampire beast thing.
Hunts by sound or
the scent of blood.
Or it can come in
the form of a spirit.
It possesses a human.
it makes them a monster.
[Adam humming]
- Yeah. I know this.
It's that cannibal thing.
- Yeah. I guess so.
I mean. legend says it
preys on the most selfish.
the most corruptible.
So I guess you could
call that cannibalism.
- Anyway. it's creepy as shit.
I don't know why
it's in your house.
[Marty laughing]
- Tell me you've seen one.
[jazzy music]
- [laughs] Nope.
My ex-wife. she just
had some strange tastes.
God bless her.
- Well. it's late.
I'm gonna try and get
one phone call in.
- Have a good hike if I
don't see you tomorrow
before you leave.
Be careful.
- [Adam] Thanks. Marty.
- You know what?
I think I'll be calling
it a night. too.
Hey guys. stay up
as long as you like.
- Tell me your thoughts
on psychedelic tea.
[alarm ringing]
[lamp switch clicking]
[Gus moaning]
- [Adam] Gus. come on.
Gus. come on. [sighs]
[ominous music]
- Dude. it's so damn cold.
What are you getting me into?
- Dude. relax. drink
some of your coffee.
- No.
- You hung over?
- Nope.
- [scoffs] Yeah. okay.
[radio murmuring]
[ominous music]
[car engine idling]
Gus. we're here.
- [moans] Give me
like 23 minutes. max.
- Okay.
[window whirring]
Let's go.
[Gus moaning]
- What the fuck. man.
- Come on. get ready.
- Who decided this was
a good idea. anyway?
I mean. isn't it supposed
to be quite dangerous
to hike in the dark?
- It's only dangerous if
you're cocky and stupid.
You can be one or the other
but you can't be both.
[ominous music]
- Fuck this.
[snow crunching]
- [Adam] You good?
- [Gus] Yeah.
How long till we
get to the site?
- Like six more miles.
Didn't you read
anything I sent you?
- Yeah. just the
stuff in bold. though.
- I didn't bold anything.
- You think we're
gonna see a bear?
- Probably not.
- How about big foot?
- Maybe.
[trees rustling]
- [Gus] What was that?
- [Adam] Squatch.
- [Gus] No. I'm serious dude.
- It's probably a stick or
something falling from a tree.
[leaves rustling]
[eerie music]
[Gus breathing]
[crashing music]
[snow crunching]
[ominous music]
- [Gus] So. Marty. that
dude's a character. huh?
- [Adam] Yeah. I liked him.
- [Gus] Was it just me or were
those pictures super creepy?
- [Adam] The Wendigo?
- [Gus] You know.
antlers and stuff?
- [Adam] I actually remember
something about it on TV.
- [Gus] Yeah.
- [Adam] Supposedly
there's a thing called
Wendigo psychosis or something.
People go crazy and delusional
and they start thinking
they're being possessed.
Pretty wild.
Eventually they start thinking
the need to eat human flesh.
- [Gus] Pretty creepy. huh?
- [Adam] Who knows. maybe
Marty has a little touch of it.
- [Gus] I was talking to
that Ryan guy last night.
- [Adam] Yeah. what about him?
- [Gus] Hoo. interesting dude.
He loves talking about drugs.
And do you notice how many times
he took a walk outside to smoke?
Like an odd number of times.
- [Adam] Ah. dude.
dude. this is it.
Yeah.
I think the summit's
right up there.
[dramatic music]
[wind blowing]
[Adam sighing]
- We did it. man.
- Yeah. we did.
- Hey. I love you. buddy.
- You too. man.
- I got a surprise for you.
- Oh. no.
- Yeah.
So I was talking
to Ryan last night.
He got ahold of this
tea. it's some peyote.
'shrooms. ayahuasca mix.
The man loves his drugs.
- And?
- And I got some for us.
What do you think?
- Nah. I'm okay.
- Come on. man.
Just a little bit.
I mean. when we get to the
summit. let's have some fun.
- I'm okay.
Thank you. though.
But if you wanna do it
I will totally spot you.
- [laughs] Spot me?
Nah.
You're my best man.
Just like I'm yours.
I'm not gonna do it without you.
- Okay. then.
- All right.
So. now we just what?
Go down?
[Adam grunting]
Heading down the mountain.
[ominous music]
- [Adam] We're running
out of daylight.
- [Gus] We'll be fine.
- [Adam] Yeah. thanks
Gus. that's helpful.
This is how people get
lost and die. dude.
One wrong turn. one mile the
wrong way. and then boom!
They find your body with
a note on it saying.
"Sorry. I'm an idiot. love Gus."
- [Gus] Relax!
- [Adam] I'm relaxed.
You relax.
- [Gus] Hey dude. I
think I found something.
Yeah. this is definitely
our footsteps. right?
Here we are.
Even with a little
light to spare.
- [Adam] You did it.
- We did it.
- [Adam] We should probably
start setting stuff up.
- [Gus] Yep. okay.
- [Adam] What's that. Gus?
- Nothing.
- [Adam] You sure about that?
- About what?
- Like the safety and stuff?
- I have done everything
under the sun.
Gonna be fine. man.
We trip balls tonight. be
back out there tomorrow.
- Like we'll see stuff?
- With this?
Maybe.
Probably.
- I'll take one very small sip.
- [Gus] No way.
[Adam sighing]
Dude. yes!
[Adam groaning]
- You happy?
Your turn.
- Yeah? [laughs]
[sighs]
- [Adam] Now what?
- Now we wait.
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
[snow crunching]
[Adam grunting]
- Are you feeling it?
- [Gus] I think so.
Unless this bottle
really is breathing.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Like in and out.
expanding. contracting.
- Oh yeah. I see it.
Well maybe it's because of
the hot air on the inside
expanding from the cold
air on the outside.
[Gus laughing]
- That's not how it works.
I think you're feeling it.
- I am feeling it.
I was just reading my book
and then I starting
thinking about stuff.
And then. my thoughts
became a part of the book.
And then I thought. well
maybe I'm merging with
one with the book.
And then. I thought. well
that's it. I'm a book.
Someone will have to explain
to my parents and Amy
that I'm a book now.
But. I don't even know
the writer of the book.
I mean. am I the
writer of the book.
or is that someone else
that's the writer of the book
'cause they're writing about me?
But it's my thoughts. so then.
I mean. does the
book just keep going.
or does it stop. or. I mean.
where does the book end
from me. even though
I'm writing it?
- [Gus] Hey man.
you're not a book.
- [Adam] Thanks.
- Goddamn it man. my feet hurt.
I got these blisters.
And then. my foot
started bleeding.
And it bled through my sock.
- You didn't try them on.
Dude. I told you that
you'd bliss them.
- I did. that's how
I got the blisters.
[Adam and Gus laughing]
- Oh. wow.
I was spiraling.
seriously. [exhales]
- No. but that's okay. man.
Really. it's key
when you're tripping
with this kind of stuff.
it's communication.
- [Adam] Yeah.
- Shit gets really crazy if
you don't think out loud.
- [Adam] Yeah.
- [Gus] I'm really
happy you did it.
It's good to see
you like this again.
- What do you mean?
- What?
- [Adam] What do
you mean. again?
- You know. like you.
Like happy.
You know what I mean.
- I'm not sure I do.
- Like. I don't know.
Sometimes lately it seems like
you just haven't been you.
Like totally happy. like
totally independent.
I didn't mean anything by it.
- Amy?
- I just want you to
be happy. all the time.
- Amy makes me happy.
- Okay.
As long as you're sure.
- As long as I'm sure?
- Yeah. why are you
getting so defensive?
- Because it seems like
you have an agenda.
- Well. I don't know what
you're talking about.
[ominous music]
- [Adam] Is it just
me or does the fire
seem like it has a face in it?
- [Gus] It definitely does.
[Adam snoring]
[snow crunching]
- Adam.
[Adam snoring]
[sleeping bag rustling]
[Gus sighing]
[snow crunching]
[zipper clinking]
[cloth rustling]
Hello?
[mysterious rustling]
[crashing music]
Who is that?
I got a gun in here!
I'll give you five seconds
to get the fuck out.
[mysterious rustling]
[zipper clinking]
[knife snapping]
[snow crunching]
[branches rustling]
[crashing music]
[Gus breathing]
[snow crunching]
[ominous music]
[Gus breathing]
[crashing music]
[creature breathing]
[creature moaning]
Help. help!
Jesus Christ!
[Gus gasping]
[Gus moaning]
[Gus screaming]
No!
Fuck!
[Gus groaning]
[eerie music]
[Gus moaning]
Adam!
Wake up!
[heartbeat pounding]
Adam?
Hey?
[pounds floor]
Adam?
[snow crunching]
Adam.
[snow falling]
[eerie music]
Adam?
[Gus groaning]
[footsteps crunching]
[voices murmuring]
[ominous music]
[Gus groaning]
[rhythmic music]
[Gus groaning and
breathing heavily]
[ominous music]
Fuck.
[fire crackling]
[branches breaking]
[cloth rustling]
[horns blaring]
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
[eerie music]
[snow crunching]
[grass rustling]
[bass thudding]
[eerie music]
[branch cracking]
[dramatic music]
[Gus breathing]
[ominous music]
[dishes rattling]
[doors clanking]
[Gus gasping]
[creature screaming]
[dishes rattling]
[radio murmuring]
Jesus.
What took you so long?
- Sorry. I got held up.
Amy's at a work party.
What's the big deal?
- I don't know. I've just
been sitting here alone
for like three beers.
- Dude. I'm 20 minutes late.
- Exactly.
[upbeat music]
- [Adam] Can I have
a ginger ale. please?
- Are you kidding me?
- I have a big
work day tomorrow.
- Oh. so now Wednesdays are big.
- Yeah.
That's the thing. actually.
Good story from
Amy's work party.
So she introduced me
to her co-worker Jess
whose husband Paul
just so happens to know
Robert Milner. who--
- Dude. your stories
are exhausting.
Too many intros.
It's like sure. people
are nice. they listen.
some are even interested.
but most of the time they're
just waiting for it to be over.
Like a drum solo.
- Why are you being such a dick?
- I don't know. because
I've been waiting here alone
for you to order a
fucking ginger ale.
- Fine.
Can I have a beer. please?
- That's better.
- Anyway. I got an interview
for a junior manager position
tomorrow afternoon.
- That's great.
You start with that.
Let's celebrate.
Dan. can I get two shots
of tequila. please.
- Whoa. I didn't get it yet.
There's one thing.
- Yeah. what?
- It's in Virginia.
- So why are you
even interviewing?
Thank you. cheers.
[coughs]
You're...
- Amy's family lives down there.
which might be a good thing.
We talked about after the
wedding finding somewhere that--
- [Gus] No. no. it's okay.
- [Adam] It's not like--
- You know what?
Actually. you and
I. we need to still
plan your bachelor party.
- What bachelor party?
- Are you kidding me?
- Seriously. I told you
not to worry about it.
- I know. I know. you
said nothing crazy.
and I'm not gonna.
I just. if you
could do anything.
anything at all.
what would you do?
- Well...
- What?
- I'm like 30 in on my 46er.
- What's a 46er?
- High peaks. Adirondacks.
You wouldn't be interested.
- Oh. hiking.
- Two weeks from the wedding.
and it'll be pretty cold.
- No. let's do it.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I know a great trail. we
could hit four or five peaks
in three days.
- I love it. man.
- Okay. okay yeah. let's do it.
- [Gus] That's awesome. man.
Hey. could we grab two more
of those tequila shots?
- Oh. I...
- [Gus] Come on. man.
- All right. fine.
Let's do it.
- Yes! [taps on bar top]
- Thanks.
- Okay. to you and Amy.
- [Adam] Cheers.
[glasses clinking]
- Cheers.
[Adam groaning]
- [groans] Grab two
more of those. please.
- [Adam] So I was
thinking maybe--
- Those ones over there.
- [Adam] We could--
- Hey. would you wingman me?
- [Adam] What?
- [Gus] Those two over there.
Just wingman me.
- I told you. I can't
stay out late. I got--
- Yeah. I know. dude.
No worries. but this
is the same kinda place
you met Amy at. right?
Who was your wingman?
- Okay. one more drink.
only because I love you.
- As do I.
Come on. grab one of those.
[fire crackling]
[door creaking]
[rifle cocking]
[Gus imitating shots]
[rifle blasting]
[dramatic music]
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
What the fuck are you
looking at? [gasps]
Don't ignore me.
What are you doing?
Trying to survive.
Why?
Why. what do you mean?
I mean. what's the point?
You listening?
And if we do make it
out of here. then what?
I don't know.
You killed your best friend.
No.
[laughs] What do you mean. no?
Wasn't me.
Oh. so somebody else
stole your knife.
dragged him out. and killed him?
And then smeared his
blood all over you.
Wasn't his blood.
You're losing
grip. man. [laughs]
It did...
It was an accident.
Oh well. I'm sure Amy
would understand that.
He was your best friend.
Fuck man. he chose you
to be his best man!
And like always. like
the little cock you are.
you let him down. [tsks]
Oh. you manipulated
the situation
to serve your needs and wants.
You shouldn't have
drank that tea.
I know. [cries]
Shut the fuck up.
you shut the fuck up.
We get off on it.
Without Adam enabling
every urge and whim.
What are you?
I... [sputters]
[tuts]
This.
This is what you are.
Sad. pathetic. and alone.
[discordant music]
[ominous music]
[horn blowing]
[rifle blasting]
What do you want?
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
[Gus coughing]
[Gus moaning]
[Gus breathing heavily]
[horn blowing]
[Gus crying and sniffling]
Sorry.
I'm sorry.
[Gus gasping]
[Gus breathing heavily]
[Gus groaning]
[ominous music]
[fire crackling]
[Gus chocking]
[Gus coughing]
[Gus laughing]
[door creaking]
[Gus gasping]
[Gus inhaling]
Thank you.
How did you--
- You were right off
my snowmobile route.
Beth and I. we used
to go to that cabin.
Two. three. [laughs]
four times a month.
Two years ago. she
went by herself.
With the dog.
The dog never did come
back. and Beth. well.
she came back but
not really. I mean...
The Windigo. it's not the
monster that consumes you.
[ominous music]
They're just animals.
But what's dangerous is.
is the spirit. the idea.
Beth was a good woman.
Flawed. yeah. but
she was a good woman.
And her mind started
playing tricks on her.
these cruel. cruel games.
Until she wasn't
herself anymore.
So resist it if you can.
If it's not too late.
The deputies will be here soon.
You better have
your story straight.
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
Yes. this is she.
I'm sorry. what happened?
And when did you find him?
What do you mean
you can't find him?
[Gus coughing]
Yeah. I understand that
you're trying it's best.
I'm just trying to figure
out why you can't find him
and why Gus doesn't
know anything.
[Gus gasping]
[Gus coughing]
[Gus breathing heavily]
[faucet running]
[doorbell buzzing]
[Gus coughing]
[floor creaking]
[door creaking]
I want answers. Gus. I
want answers right now!
- Amy. I told you. everything
that I knew that happened--
- Oh. my God. no. yeah.
I know what you said.
Tell me what happened.
- I told them!
- Tell me.
Oh no. bullshit.
Oh. he just gets up in
the middle of the night.
Gets lost. that's it.
I don't fucking buy it.
- I don't know what to tell you
that's any different than
I've already said to you.
- [Amy] Oh. shit Gus.
[Gus laughing]
You're a piece of shit.
You couldn't give
him a fucking inch
without needing to consume--
- Please!
- [Amy] No. I'm not leaving.
Why did you even have
to go on this trip?
[eerie music]
- [Gus] Excuse me.
These photos. the same
ones but different.
- [Amy] Fuck you.
- Were they the same
when you came in here?
- Really?
[crashing music]
Like every time.
you let him down
and you manipulated him into
doing what you wanted to do.
You shouldn't have
drank that tea.
- What did you just say?
- I said you shouldn't
have drank the tea.
- I never told
anybody about the tea.
- The fuck are
you talking about?
[crashing music]
Hey. are you kidding me?
Gus. you need to tell me
what the fuck happened
because I know you fucking know.
I know you know. okay?
Just tell me what happened?
[woman speaking in
foreign language]
[eerie music]
Shouldn't have drank that tea.
- [Therapist] Gus. do you
know where you are right now?
[heartbeat pounding]
[eerie music]
[wind rushing]
- [Adam] Morning. asshole.
I don't think we'll be
able to hit up South Dix
or Hough today.
- Wait. wait. what do you mean?
- Well. Sleeping Beauty
has been sleeping
for like 16 hours.
- What?
[ominous music]
You're...
You good?
- Yeah. I'm fine.
Maybe when we get up Dix
we can hit another ridge.
There's a mug of cold
coffee over there.
when you finally get
your ass outta bed.
[Gus breathing heavily]
[snow crunching]
- Hey. can we talk.
- [Adam] What's up?
[ominous music]
[creature screaming]
[branches cracking]
- [Therapist] I said. where do
you think you are right now?
[fire crackling]
Tell me about this fight.
- What fight?
- The one by the fire.
The night he disappeared.
You said he got angry
and stormed off?
- Oh. right. [clears throat]
- [hums] Why do
you think that was?
- I don't know.
- Really?
- I think that...
I think Amy had put
it into his head
that I was trying
to separate them.
- And were you?
- No.
I mean. I want Adam to
be happy. and he can't...
[exhales] Sometimes
he needs help.
- As do we all.
Can you tell me about your
previous relationships?
- Nothing much to say.
- [laughs] Nothing?
- I had a girlfriend
a few years back
but she moved. so...
Nothing serious since then.
- Would you say that Adam
was your most
serious relationship?
- [laughs] What?
Really?
- Not sexually.
- He's my best friend.
- But were you his?
- Yeah.
I think so.
- Is there any chance
that during the trip
you realized the nature
of your relationship
was not as you suspected.
and as a result acted out?
Do you still dream of him.
dream you're still
in the forest?
I'll tell you what I think. Gus.
I think you created a
reality in your mind
in which you didn't kill
and eat your friend.
- What's that?
[crashing music]
- What?
- That painting. it's the thing.
[eerie music]
- What do you see. Gus?
- Hey. hey. hey. okay Gus.
Hey. it's okay. it's okay.
it's okay. it's okay.
[Gus breathing heavily]
You're all right. okay?
- What happened?
- You tripped and fell
and hit your head.
You okay?
How's your head feel?
- Hurts.
- [Adam] Okay.
Okay. come on. let's
get you up. all right?
[ominous music]
[Gus moaning]
Okay. okay. hey. what
is it. what is it?
- [Gus] Ankle.
- [Adam] Okay. all right.
Okay. all right.
stay right here.
All right. come on. we
gotta get you off this.
Gotta find you help.
- [Gus] No. let's go.
- [Adam] Yes. Gus.
- [Gus] It's fine.
- [Adam] Gus. we're gonna find--
- It's fine!
Let's keep going.
- [Adam] All right.
[ominous music]
[snow crunching]
- [Gus] Hey. can we just...
One second.
Thank you. I'm gonna just
sit down for a second.
- How's the ankle?
- [Gus] It's fine.
[zipper buzzing]
Just sprained. I can walk.
- Gus.
- [Gus] What?
- [Adam] Nevermind. nothing.
Isn't that the tea?
- What? [coughs]
Goddamn it.
Adam. I gotta tell
you something.
The other night. when we
were drinking the tea.
- Look man. I know
things got negative and--
- There's more. there's more.
It's...
Okay.
Okay. so we both.
we fall asleep.
but I wake up and there
was this. the thing.
- Holy shit! [speaks
in foreign language]
[Ryan laughing]
- [Adam] Hey. Ryan. right?
- Yep. Adam.
Gus. right?
[snow crunching]
Crazy.
Decided to take a
little detour. [laughs]
You guys going up or down?
- [Adam] Down.
Gus had an accident.
- Yeah. now.
That does not look okay.
- [Gus] It's fine. [brushes leg]
- Cool.
I'll join you.
Come on. I got a good site.
Whoop!
- [Gus] I got it.
Dude.
- [Adam] All right.
[snow crunching]
[wind blowing]
[fire crackling]
[Ryan coughing]
- Super weird coincidence.
You said you were
coming down from Hough?
- Yeah.
Shit. [laughs]
I thought I was at Dix.
I drank some of
that tea last night.
it really fucked me up.
- It did?
- [laughs] Oh right.
I gave you some.
You guys go tripping yet?
You wanna?
- Oh. we drank some yesterday.
- [Ryan] How much?
- I took a sip.
This guy practically
chugged the whole thing.
- Fuck.
Dude. that's way too much.
- Thanks.
- I mean. you must have gotten
pretty fucking messed up.
You're crazy. man.
Both you guys.
[coughs] Fuck.
This is cool.
You want a hit?
- No. I'm good.
- All right. fuck it.
- [Ryan] Yeah! [laughs]
[Adam coughing]
- [Gus] What was that?
- It's the wind. bro.
- [Gus] Right.
- I got an idea.
You guys gonna be here
for one more night?
- Yeah. that's the plan.
- Tomorrow we can hit
up my boy Eddie's cabin.
- What's that?
- Super. super remote cabin.
only a couple miles
off the trail.
My boy Eddie hits
it up for hunting.
I mean. if he's there. he's
usually got some dope coke.
[laughs] And we could
actually use his gun. too.
[imitates gunshot]
I mean. if not. no
worries. it's no big deal.
- No. I'm good.
[Ryan laughing]
- Okay. sounds good.
I mean. tomorrow night
we'll head that way.
- Yeah. all right.
that sounds great.
Gus?
- [Gus] Yeah.
Yeah. that sounds good.
[horn blowing]
- I swear. we're close.
[snow crunching]
It's been awhile
since I've been.
Sure you okay. Gus?
- I'm fine.
- [laughs] Okay. hombre.
- [Adam] You sure?
Okay.
- Hey. I need to talk to you.
- Yeah. what's up?
- The other night
when we had that tea.
- Look. it's fine. man.
I'm not worried about it.
There's nothing there.
Let's take a break. okay?
Hey Ryan!
Hold up!
- [Ryan] Hey guys. check it out!
Look what I found!
- Let's go.
[snow crunching]
- [Ryan] It's a lake.
Probably not frozen
all the way through.
- [Adam] We probably
shouldn't walk on it.
[snow crunching]
[Ryan yelling]
- [Ryan] Yeah. motherfucker!
Whoop! [laughs]
This is supposed to be
a bachelor party. yeah?
- Yep.
- [Ryan] Your idea or Gus'?
- Mine.
Gus wanted to go to
Vegas or something.
- Yeah. that checks out.
Good choice. my friend.
Good choice.
- Hey. you got something.
[Ryan sniffing and groaning]
- Shit.
Deviated septum.
So this is a bachelor
party. right?
It's supposed to be fun.
- Yeah. I mean. it's been great.
- I guess.
I mean. going to
fucking Eddie's cabin.
that fucking fun.
fun as fucking shit.
I don't think Gus can make
the trek. man. you know?
With that leg.
- Yeah. I don't know.
- You know. I got an idea.
Let's help me fucking set
up camp right around here.
make sure Gus is good.
and then maybe go up
to fucking Eddie's cabin.
have a fucking bomb-ass night.
we take his snowmobile.
we come back
and bring the fucking resource
and make sure
fucking Gus is good!
Come on!
[laughs] Come on.
have a little fun.
live a little. this is
your bachelor party.
What do you think Gus would do?
[branches rustling]
[ominous music]
[crashing music]
[eerie music]
- Hey guys!
My ankle is getting worse.
I don't think I'm gonna
make it on this one.
- [Adam] You sure?
- [Gus] Uh-huh.
- [Adam] Gus. what
are you talking about?
- Hey. you go to Eddie's.
It's your bachelor
party. have fun.
- [Adam] No. that's stupid.
- No it's not.
I'll just be here. set up camp.
and then you come back
and get me when you can.
- That's not happening.
Gus. Gus what's going on?
- Just go.
Just go.
- We going. Adam?
- Hey. I'll be right back.
[snow crunching]
- [Ryan] Glad you
took my advice.
Can't be held down. guys
like you and me. no siree.
Adventurous!
Keep it together.
- Yeah. totally.
- [Ryan] Let's smoke some weed.
- Nah. I'm okay.
- Come on. come on.
- No really. I'm good.
I might actually have to pee.
- Yeah. me too.
Wanna cross streams?
- Oh. [laughs]
I think it might
be more number two.
My stomach's kind of in knots.
- Even better.
Mud brothers.
- [laughs] No thank you.
I'll be right back. okay?
- Yeah. whatevs. man.
[branches crunching]
[wind blowing]
[ominous music]
[creature screeching]
[dramatic music]
- [Gus] Hey!
[pots banging]
Hey!
[intense music]
- [Marty] It hunts by
the scent of blood.
- [Gus] Foot started bleeding.
- Hey. you got something.
[Ryan groaning]
- [Ryan] Deviated septum.
[ominous music]
[creature groaning]
[thunder crashing]
[Gus panting]
[Gus groaning]
[thunder crashing]
[rain falling]
[intense music]
[creature groaning]
[ominous music]
[thunder crashing]
[horn blowing]
- Gus.
I said. do you know
where you are right now?
- I do.
- But do you?
You talk about this monster.
what did you call it?
- Wendigo.
- Is it here with us right now?
[horn blowing]
[Gus coughing]
[eerie music]
[thunder crashing]
[discordant music]
- Gus. are you listening?
[fire crackling]
What do you think happens now?
Admission is the first step.
You are what you are.
I can help you. Gus.
[rain falling]
[horn blowing]
Kill the monster. kill the pain.
Do you think you've changed?
Gus. [scoffs] your reality
is pretty much irrelevant.
It's the decision.
Gus. not the outcome.
[dramatic music]
Fine. [taps book]
[book slamming shut]
New rules.
You choose.
One reality in which
you tasted the blood
of your own kind
but you survived.
you became stronger than
you ever thought possible.
Many people consume blood.
Tribes in Africa.
the Masai. the Surma.
They see it as a
life force. a power.
There's the other reality.
The one in which
you both die here
with a friend who abandoned you
the second he had the chance.
[rain falling]
Do it. Gus.
Do it.
Kill it and you're free.
Stab the monster. escape this.
just like you did before.
Knife the creature and
the pain goes away.
Look deep inside yourself.
You know what you want to do.
- [Adam] Gus!
Gus!
- [Therapist] Kill it.
Stab your fear in the heart.
Kill the monster.
Best case scenario. you get
to be a decent human being
for one split second
in your miserable life
before you die.
- [Gus] I'll take it. [groans]
[creature moaning]
[dramatic music]
[Gus gasping]
- Oh fuck!
Gus. what happened?
Hey?
[Gus moaning]
[Gus coughing]
- I killed you.
It was the monster.
and I killed you.
[groans] I buried you.
I killed you and then I ate you.
[gasping] And then we were back.
- [Adam] Hey. just put
some pressure on it. okay?
[Gus gasping]
- I'm not your best man.
- What are you talking about?
- I'm shitty.
To you.
To Amy. To everyone.
I'm sorry.
- Hey. hey. hey. look at me.
Look at me!
You're my best man. okay?
You hear me? [breathes heavily]
[dramatic music]
Okay.
You're tripping
balls. man. okay?
Come on.
[Adam and Gus grunting]
Okay. man.
[Gus gasping]
We gotta go.
We got other problems.
It's Ryan.
He's fucking psycho.
- I thought you liked him.
- What?
No.
I thought you liked him.
- Fuck no.
Fuck.
[Gus and Adam laughing]
- I think there's a road
a mile that way. okay?
Hey. look at me.
We can do this.
Okay?
- Yeah.
- [Adam] [exhales] Let's go.
[Gus and Adam grunting]
[dramatic music]
[rain falling]
- [Ryan] Come on. Adam!
We gotta keep going
to Eddie's cabin.
Adam. come on!
[eerie music]
[laughs] Come on. bud.
Where are you?
Hey!
[shouts] Ah. come on!
[grunts and gasps]
[intense music]
[Ryan screaming]
What the fuck!
Hey!
[speaks in foreign
language] Motherfucker!
[creature screeching]
[eerie music]
[creatures growling]
[Ryan screaming]
[Ryan gasping]
Ah. fuck.
[Ryan screaming]
[upbeat music]
- I'll be honest. don't love it.
- [Adam] Yeah. it's not great.
- No.
No. it's a little cheesy.
Where'd you get it?
- I stole it. from sweet
old man named Marty.
- He didn't steal it.
- Yeah. I did steal it.
Thanks. cheers. yeah.
- Yeah. cheers.
- [Gus] You guys can
take it down if you want.
- We probably will.
yeah.
- Yeah.
[phone ringing]
- It would crush me. but
it's your guys' house.
- Oh. okay I think
this is the food.
Hi. yeah. yep.
I'll be right out.
- [sighs] Dude. we're
definitely going to Vegas
for my bachelor party.
[Adam snorting]
- [Amy] Hey Adam. can
you help me with this?
[bells ringing]
[Christmas music]
[ominous music]
- [Marty] And her mind
started playing tricks on her.
these cruel. cruel games.
- [Therapist] What do
you think happens now?
You are what you are.
Your reality is pretty
much irrelevant.
It's the decision.
Gus. not the outcome.
[Gus coughing]
[Christmas music]
[ominous music]
[Gus laughing]
[Gus hissing]
[upbeat Christmas music]